Michigan State ranked second nation will
be taking on ife coming in man 14th of
the vision too it's a dream pain as you
might guess tip control by Michigan
State now that lean back to LA for the
stand to Branden Dawson knockout it
comes to keep half when you had a great
shooting day against Grand Valley
especially from long range now Harris
for three he got it listen in the hot
stay in that zone and now pains going to
try a three from the far side it's good
that's his first to announce a
three-point game here comes MSU in a big
hurry and with that going coast to coast
is Denzel Valentine photos way and it's
good I settled type of circle IUP stays
in that zone another three fired by
Harris chance has it now I front of goes
over to Katie down the line but cut off
ball stripped happens on the move ram
issue left-handed shot no but the fellow
slammed but is goodbye planted awesome
awesome outlet pass knocked away but he
gets back back roll off slams on
what an assist by Dawson the water staff
I pain pain no Dawson keeps alive plays
volleyball with it hits the rebound now
I'm back to Keith Appling interface 35
for Miss just a choice holy cow for a
free out brought back on front of
circles over now to Denzel Valentine and
out of bird for a three-peat brains'll
nothing there bone that caught by
Valentine not a trice big mac costello
on the drive goes it up and it's good
back out quickly there is not cross
scored two tries wide open for three or
four from the red mill over oh my
goodness Gavin chilling of one-hand
rebound and slams it on bird out front
he'll try a three he got it he is 5 for
5 from long range and exhibition play
good long rebound comes out to Appling
nada Harris MSU moving back sides up and
his in easy rebound by Dawson going
wire-to-wire with it gets it out front
the pain fakes the three goes right down
the line for the slow roll knocked
around comes back out the Gary Harris
now the Dawson Dawson are trying to
other jumped off the wing this one is
good inclusion off the trace pricing a
wing to Ellis guards a baseline plays it
up and it's an who missed the dumping a
mess units a rebound and now with Ag
Costello sets up appling down low
checking pain down low Harris he'll
settle for long to know
yes no a tip dunk there from Valentine
who swooped up off the left side work
IUP but now the packet is picked by
Dawson it's ross and all the way from
pain is on the move he doesn't have not
Brazil slow it up that happened wide
open for three he got it has an hour
front not a price bounce passing the
wing Ellis for a three final score
tonight as we wrap up the exhibition
season Michigan State 83 in iu p 4532
pretty doggone good minutes considering
a team played zone in the oven and so
when I get back I'll feel good about
that but right now this team has not
avoid any confidence or anything so and
they're good guys that have stuck
together so they know I wasn't happy and
I don't think some of them will happen
but I think he played good basketball
team babbling hi nemesis you know Gary
shot five from laughs 13 so I think we
really played good we played as a team
and you know we did the little things
that you know that's important we got a
lot of other guys that can make a lot of
things happening though so we just want
to be as unselfish as we possibly can on
that's one of the things I feel like
this team is good that you know we're
great at sharing the basketball and
getting the child involved from the game
we didn't really know shoot no good for
a free throw line but you know it's far
from a team you know for us to get
better we just have to keep doing the
little things you know last year at this
time we had about you know sent to
eternal but so now we only have six so
for us you know to be a great team you
know like coach say we have to do take
care of lewd things would be a great
team